---

related: false
title: "Nine Hundred and Sixteen"
category: "Act II"


---
<style>
body {
text-align: justify}
</style>

That Person
<br>
###*that* person
started May 17, 2019 

San Francisco


Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Blessed beyond words.<br>
Being able to see you in a state of bliss<br>
I wish it could last.<br>



Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
It’s okay to be selfish, <br>
I wanted you to be selfish.<br>
Tell me what you want<br>
I’ll ~~try to~~ make it happen<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Our paths crossed once again<br>
I missed you<br>
I felt relevant once again<br>
What have I gained?<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I have nothing to prove<br>
No hidden agendas<br>
I want to hold you in close<br>
But only if you let me<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Stop going with the flow<br>
Stop following footsteps<br>
Make your decisions <br>
Make your own footsteps<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I want nothing in return<br>
Absolutely nothing <br>
Literally nothing<br>
Nothing<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Pay it forward, not back<br>
Take what you can<br>
I have nothing great to offer<br>
Enjoy it<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
As we go on our own way once again <br>
We’ll meet again<br>
Another adventure awaits<br>
Mimi and Momo<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Only if you let me<br>
Only if you want me<br>
Just gotta deal with it<br>
Who’s going to love the one who loves others?<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
You are loved<br>
Loved for who you are<br>
Relentlessly loved<br>
Loved<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I hope you do find that person<br>
You’re amazing and you should know it<br>
There’s a million thing I would do<br>
Things to do in a blink of eye<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I hope he treats you right<br>
Better than I ever could<br>
Make me a distant memory <br>
But keep the impression<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I hate that I’m too good for my own good<br>
I love you too much to harm you for my own<br>
I hate how selfish thoughts consume me<br>
I love you ya know<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
But you’ll always be *my* person<br>
Let me spoil you<br>
Be content<br>
No strings attached <br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
The way you do your makeup and hair<br>
The way you eat<br>
The way you love<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
You’re still my kryptonite<br>
Call me and I’ll be there<br>
I’ll fly you across the world to be anywhere<br>
Anything you need<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I want to love you<br>
I want to keep you<br>
I want you<br>
“And thats okay”<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
I want to outdo myself<br>
Bring you new experiences<br>
Bigger and better memories<br>
No ulterior motive<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
And its not about me<br>
Have I forgotten where I stand<br>
Its you above me<br>
For you<br>

Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
But I’ll always be here<br>
Always here for you<br>
Nothing to big or too small<br>
Anything<br>



Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Maybe I’m just this (concept). <br>
Maybe I’ll never be *that* person, and thats okay.<br>
Maybe it’ll kill me and I’m fine with that.<br>


——————————————————————
###Who is he?
May 19, 2019

He drives a sports car around a new city <br>
He’s accompanied by old company<br>
He hasn’t had good company for a while<br>
He takes her out to places she’s never been and neither has he<br>
He missed her<br>
He drives and reaches out to hold her hand<br>
She lets him take it<br>

He was reunited with his coffee company <br>
He would buy her anything, anything that caught her eye<br>
He was content<br>
He wants to spoil her<br>
He wants to love her<br>
He wants her to be content<br>
He needed her to be content<br>
He treads cautiously<br>
He drives dangerously<br>

He enjoyed every second, every single second<br>
He was dazed for the briefest second<br>
He was bounded by a square and semicircle<br>
He hesitantly sought permission<br>
He wanted no misunderstanding <br>

He had no desire to win hearts<br>
He had no goals to meet<br>
He only wanted her to be herself<br>
He only wanted her to be herself, happily<br>

He flew her across the continent<br>
She now had to fly back<br>
He wanted her to stay, to stay forever<br>
**He kissed her on the cheek, the furthest he would allow himself to go**<br>
He didn’t want to overstep<br>
He wanted to take the smallest space in her life<br>

He gets in his car<br>
She gets on her plane<br>
He reaches out for a hand that doesn’t exist anymore<br>
He drives on and on, longing <br>



——————————————————————


I’m sorry Friends Blendo. 

<br>
<br>
<br>
###May 19, 2019 - Elysian Coffee, Vancouver

not *that* person; but *that* person

So, I’m not sure where to start really. Do I respond to each chunk? Or as a whole? Guess we’ll see.

But you. You. <br>
Are full of surprises.


I’ve missed you. I really have.

If I’m being honest, I was nervous about coming. I didn’t know what you expected, what you wanted from me. I didn’t know what I could give; what I could provide.

I hate that you do so much for me. For someone who really doesn’t deserve anything. It feels as if you literally gain nothing, but I gain everything, why is that? Why is it that you do what you do?
I’ll never know.

But, despite my (not-so-subtle) hesitance? I was excited. To go on another adventure with you.To travel with you. To see you. To trust you. I knew that despite my quiet and conforming side, I knew you enough to still be me and not be afraid to speak up if needed. I’ve lost confidence over the past year, but I’ve also gained confidence, if that makes sense. 

I was tired of letting things dictate who I am and what I do. I know that you expect nothing, but you know me, and you know I’ll always be indebted to you. For just existing. For being such an incredible blessing in my life. You deserve so much more and if I could, I would give you the world.

It’s bittersweet every time you leave, but I guess this time, I’m the one leaving. But it’s not forever, it never is. Look forward to what 2020 holds for us.

I love you, I hope you know that, and I love you endlessly. Perhaps it’s not the way you wish, and for that, I’m sorry. But it’s a love that I don’t think will ever expire: the purest friendo blendo form of love.

I don’t think I’ll ever meet someone that’ll treat me the way you do. I wouldn’t want them to anyway. What we have is special and clearly, unexplainable to everyone but ourselves. If I meet someone, we’ll have our own thing, but nothing that could ever replace you, know that.

Be selfish sometimes. Listen to yourself for goodness sake. Do what makes you happy. Find someone that makes you happy. Find someone that deserves all this and more.

But all in all, I may not be *that* person for you, but you’ll always be *that* person for me; ~my~ person. 

Thanks again for doing all that you do. For loving me. For taking care of me. For being Julian.


P.S. I’m soooooo gonna be in trouble but hey, I would do it all over again if I could.

——————————————————————

Who are you? - a qcctfe

— <br>
old company<br>
coffee company<br>
empty company<br>

— <br>
[square and semicircle]<br>
what permission were you seeking<br>

—<br>
i wish i could’ve stayed forever, and i think you know that<br>

—<br>
[the kiss on the cheek]<br>
thank you. for not pushing. and no, you don’t take the smallest space in my life, sorry not sorry.<br>
<br>
— <br>
drive safely.<br>